Now that we've defined a discriminator D and generator G,
we need to define an optimization strategy.
This involves defining two different optimizers,
one for our discriminator and one for our generator networks.
We'll also have to define different loss functions for each of these models.
This will allow us to perform
the necessary back propagation and optimization steps during training.
Now, let's talk about how the discriminator trains first.
We know that during training,
the discriminator will have two losses,
one for real training images and one for fake images.
Its aim is to label all real training images
close to one and all fake images as close to zero,
and so we'll compare the output of our discriminator in
these cases to the real label one or the fake label zero.
I'll also go over a couple of strategies for creating a numerically stable loss.
Things like smoothing the label from a value from one to 0.9 and using BCEWithLogitsLoss.
Now, in the generator case,
we'll have actually an opposing loss that aims to trick the discriminator.
So, to train the generator,
we'll actually look at the output of the discriminator
again as it's applied to these generated fake images.
Only this time or one its output to be real,
one, when it sees these images.
So, as we train the discriminator and the generator,
we basically need a way of calculating two different types of losses.
One that checks if the output of the discriminator is close to one
or real and one that checks if it's close to zero or fake.
So, in the below cell,
your task will be to define two functions,
real loss and fake loss.
They should just take in the output from the discriminator.
So, the output logits for a batch of input image data.
In the real last case,
there's an additional parameter, smooth.
This will be either true or false and defaults to false.
But basically, if it's true,
we'll smooth our ground truth labels so that instead of being all ones, they're all 0.9.
As Ian mentioned earlier,
this is to make the discriminator numerically stable and to help it generalize better.
Okay. So, for this real loss function,
you should compare these discriminator outputs to
the ground truth labels which will be one or 0.9 depending on your smooth parameter,
and you should return that loss,
and you'll do the same kind of thing for a fake loss,
only comparing the outputs to the value zero,
the value for a fake labels.
When I say compare, I want you to use
BCEWithLogitsLoss to compare the discriminator outputs to the true labels.
Let's click on this loss functions documentation.
Okay. So, here's our loss function and we can see that it
combines a Sigmoid layer with a BCELoss.
BCE loss is binary cross entropy loss
which is well suited for tasks in which we're looking at just two classes.
In this case, real and fake images.
This is just our normal cross entropy loss,
but applied to cases with two classes,
and we can read here that this version is more numerically
stable than using a sigmoid plus BCELoss.
Because this applies a sigmoid activation function to the input that sees,
this is why I did not include a sigmoid activation in our model definition,
and as with any loss function,
we can see that this takes in some inputs x and some targets y.
In this case, that will be the logits,
the output of our discriminator,
and some target labels to compare them too.
So, back to our notebook,
I want you to define true labels for the real and fake cases,
and use BCEWithLogitsLoss to compare our discriminator outputs to these two labels.
You can create labels by using something like
torch.ones or a torch.zeros and passing in a batch size.
Then, each of these functions should return
the value of the calculated BCE with budgets loss.
After defining these loss functions,
to complete our optimization strategy,
I want you to define two different atom optimizers,
one for our discriminator and our generator.
You should check out the original paper or
other resources to decide on the parameters for creating optimizers.
So, try to find in these loss functions and optimizers on your own and next,
I'll show you my solution.